# 9 March Meeting 

---

Date:           9 March 2021\
Main focus:     Sprint of Week 5\
Chair:          Teodor Oprescu\
Note taker:     Alex Cazacu

# Opening
**Attendance**\
[ ] Sergio\
[ ] Elena\
[ ] Teo\
[ ] Ahmed\
[ ] Alex\
[ ] Victoria 

# Approval of the agenda
[ ] Ana's Approval 

# Points of action

*Feel free to add any other points of actions you would like to discuss*

[ ] - Update Ana on everyone's progress for week 4\
[ ] - The backend team and frontend team should give a short birefing of work accomplished in week 4 to each other\
[ ] - Agree on progress for the end of this week (minding that this is a special week, with further exams left to be completed)\
[ ] - Alex has some ideas about changing the data model of the application (could be left for the other meeting, but this week is the last week for fundamental structure changes)\
[ ] - Summarise the deadlines\ 
[ ] - Talk about branding the application (name, logo etc.)\
[ ] - Discuss about the refactoring of the app's folder\
[ ] - Pick the issues on GitLab that you would like to complete\


# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
*We will decide on this more specifically during the meeting when we define the sprint* 

# Any other business
*TBD*

Sergio -\
Elena -\
Teo -\
Ahmed -\
Alex -\
Victoria - 

# Questions for the TA

*Tests: what should we test in the backend/frontend? (to be edited to be more clear)* 
-------
*Feel free to add more questions*

# Question round 
(This is to record the questions asked during the meeting)



# Closing
**Have a nice week, and rock those exams!** 
