# Meeting Agenda Week 2 
---

Date:           16 February 2021\
Main focus:     Deadlines + Task Division + Backlog\
Chair:          Victoria\
Note taker:     Sergio


# Opening
Everyone is present at the meeting. Everyone is also actively participating. 

# Approval of the agenda
We approve the agenda. We also share our thoughts at the end of the meeting if there is anything we missed. 

# Points of action

 - **Complete the Code of Conduct and Culture Questionnaire:** We only need to write a small description of ourselves and send the questionnaire through the Mattermost chat. 
 - **Complete the wireframe:** Sergio and Elena are working on the wireframe. They will send the several designs before Sunday through the MatterMost channel. We will reach consensus on which design we choose to show the client TA. 
 - **Complete the backlog:** We will merge our notes from the client TA meeting and complete a back log to show the client TA for week 3. 
 - **Look into the Spring framework:** Team mates who have interest in completing the back-end will look into the Spring framework and think about implementation. 
 - **Look into JavaFX:** Team mates who have interest in completing the front-end will look into JavaFX and think about implementation. 
 -  **Do relevant HCI research** Sergio and Elena will do some research into HCI and think about how to incorporate it into the wire frame 



# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
- **Send** out the HCI survey
- **Show** the client TA the wire frame and the back log 
- **Decide** on a blue-print for the application 
- **Understand** the template given to us and find time to ask questions about it if we have any. 
- **Learn** GitLab issues so we can put the backlog on there 

# Any other business
- We reached consensus that we will have as much as possible complete by week 6 
- Some teammates will work on the project as much as possible during week 4 or 5
- Some teammates will distribute their time and will work on it for 3 hours a day each day
- We will also share any progress we made on the MatterMost channel 

We have decided on the following roles: 

#### Front-End 
* Ahmed 
#### Back-End 
* Teo (likely back-end but not final decision)
* Alex 
* Victoria 

#### Pending 
* Elena
* Sergio

# Questions and Answers with the TA

Ana also asked us questions to check our understanding of git: 
* What is the difference between push and pull? : We pull when we want the changes from the remote repo on our local repo. We push when we want to save changes on our own repo onto the main repo. 
* What is a branch? : When we work on a feature, we create a branch. 
* Why do we need different branches? : So we can work on different features at the same time. 


Q1: Do you think that we should divide the front-end and back-end team or should we all work on everything at the same time? 
A1: This is the decision of the group. Will look into this with the lecturers. 

Q2: When should we start looking into the Spring framework?
A2: As soon as possible. 

Q3: At what pace should we work at?
A3: There should be a push to master every week and the deadlines on BrightSpace. 

Q4: Could you clarify SHOULD/COULD/MUST and how they correspond to the grades we get?
A4: MUST and SHOULD will probably get you a 6. COULD are for higher grades. 

Q5: How should the backlog be written? 
A5: Write it according to the format given in the lecture. They should be sorted in priority level. There is no need to format them for now. They will eventually be translated to GitLab issues. Include an estimate of the time needed to complete each task. This should be written in a consistent and clear way, so that no information is needed for people to understand what the task is. 



# Closing
* Everyone will work on the corresponding tasks mentioned in "Point of Action"
* We will have another meeting if necessary before the client TA meeting or we will discuss on the Mattermost channel 