# 16 March Meeting 

---

Date:           16 March 2021\
Main focus:     Sprint of Week 6\
Chair:          Ahmed Ibrahim\
Note taker:     

# Opening
**Attendance**\
[ ] Sergio\
[ ] Elena\
[ ] Teo\
[ ] Ahmed\
[ ] Alex\
[ ] Victoria 

# Approval of the agenda
[ ] Ana's Approval 

# Points of action

*Feel free to add any other points of actions you would like to discuss*

[ ] - Update Ana on everyone's progress for week 5\
[ ] - The whole team should show what progress they have booked\
[ ] - Agree on progress for the end of this week (Try to already have a working product)\
[ ] - Agree on the final database, from now on the tables should all pass the checkstyle and not be changed anymore\
[ ] - Summarise the deadlines (keep in mind, buddycheck this week)\ 
[ ] - Talk about branding the application (name, logo etc.)\
[ ] - Divide the issues on GitLab that we would like to complete\


# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
*We will decide on this more specifically during the meeting when we define the sprint* 
*Try to decide what the desired product should be for the following week*

# Any other business
*In our own meeting: everyone should share their thought about the progress to better the communication*

Sergio -\
Elena -\
Teo -\
Ahmed -\
Alex -\
Victoria - 

# Questions for the TA

*Do you think we are on the right track or are we falling behind?* 
-------
*Feel free to add more questions*

# Question round 
(This is to record the questions asked during the meeting)



# Closing
**Good luck for this week!** 
