# TA Ana:

## Code of Conduct
* All members should work 3-4 hours a day -> only for week 5 -> this needs to be changed
* Code of conduct looks a bit short, we will get a rubric for that
* we can add stuff if any issues come up

### Ana thinks we can add:
* possible issues
* what to do if someone does their part


## Gitlab
* for textfiles we can use overleaf -> collaborative editing of the same document
* At time estimate in Gitlab issues

## Front-end/back-end division
* back-end isn't as hard, not that many people should be on back-end
* as soon as someone understands, everyone will be able to work on it
* more people should be on front end, not hard work, but a lot of work
* Not necessarily a good idea to make someone responsible for an end
* Try to work on both back-end and front-end

## Deadline information literacy
* Not doing it is failing the course

## Friday 05-03
* Everyone must have had a merge request on gitlab

## Next week
* Buddy Check
* Reviewing each other and giving feedback (for teammates)

## Victoria Thumb's up:
* Sergio, allowes the team to stay in line, the reports created
* Elena, good sense of aesthetics and good design choices based on research
* Ahmed, helped with the back-log, and relearned git
* Teo and Alex will be our hero's in coding

## Wireframe:
* We still need to decide on the colours
* We still need to do the startpage
* Put screenshots on git for Ana!
* Most feedback we will get from the CTA, best Wireframe so far!!!!

## Start Coding:
* We can start coding whenever we want

## Do the user stories in the same category need to be sorted
* does not matter

## Next week:
** Work in API endpoints

## Amount of hours of coding:
* Average 140 hour for entire course, 14 hours a week
* Lectures included and all

## Rubric/Grading scheme
* We don't know when we get it, Ana will send us last year's rubric
* Coding --> we get a weekly feedback
_______________________________________________________________________________________
# CTA Otto:

## Some requirements have changed

### Accessibility features --> moved to won't have, we don't need them anymore. But may be used!
* Still a nice edition, if wanted we can include it

### User nickname/alias feature --> not necessarily a must have, but a can-have!!
* Should just be join room and enter the name
* priorirty could be a should, but can also be a must

### Polls:
* Should not support open questions, only MC

### We would like to limit the rate in which the users ask questions
* e.g. once every minute (optional)
* not the number of questions per user
* not the numer of questions per lecture

### Option to mark the question as answered, first edit and delete
* now mark as answered, e.g. checkmark as answered and this will be put in a list
* students must also see the answered questions tab

### Now we would like to be able to go back into lecture room and see the questions and the ones marked as answered --> a should
* even after closing
* export the questions to a txt  WITH the answers
* we do need a database now to store everything
* lectures do not need to be deleted!

### Merging is just glorified delete, not needed anymore!!
* delete other ones works too

### New feature: being able to answer a question in text as a moderator
* answer question tab, makes us able to see what the answer was

## Questions
### Students are not allowed to reply to eachother

### List of participants --> there is a list of participants, users MAY add a nickname
* students may see it, but doesn't matter

### Should everyone see the questions in sorted order
* CTA basically needs sort by priority (upvotes), not multiple sorting options needed!!!!!
* We have to figure this out ourselves

### What if the host disconnects? What should happen?
* Lecture should keep going and nothing changes, lecture ends by moderator/lecturer hit end lecture

### Can anyone immediatly enter the session or should that happen with permission
* Anyone can enter

### Should polls include names
* No, only how many people

### After lecture has ended, should the lecturer still be able to see the poll results?
* Not necessarily

### Should there be a limit of the number of participants
* Not needed
* We don't need to worry about how many people

### Statistic for merge?
* No merging!	

### When there is no moderator, the lecturer is moderator
* Yes, they join with the same link!, they only share different needs
* Lecture needs to run lecture on his own

	
## Backlog:
* Simplify the must haves (e.g. marking questions as answered)
* Some sense where we say that a lecturer is also a moderator
* Getting started is more of a non-functional requirement
* As a lecturer I can create surveys with short answers --> removed
* As a student I want to report unappropriate questions --> not needed
* Slow/Fast indicator --> visible all the time and students should be able to change their answer


## Wireframe:
* View for the lecturer in the simple form, where u see only questions
* filter/sort is not needed, only if it is really easy
* tags have been removed from the requirements
* missing --> modeartion features that are participant specific (ban people etc.)
