# 23 March Meeting

---

Date:           22 March 2021\
Main focus:     Sprint of week 7 and progress thus far\
Chair:          Alex Cazacu\
Note taker:     Victoria Yue Chen

# Opening
**Attendance**\
[ ] Sergio\
[ ] Elena\
[ ] Teo\
[ ] Ahmed\
[ ] Alex\
[ ] Victoria 

# Approval of the agenda
[ ] Ana's Approval

# Points of action

[ ] - Update Ana on everyone's progress for week 6\
[ ] - Present MVP so far\
[ ] - Ask for feedback on progress thus far\
[ ] - Discuss when we stop implementation\
[ ] - Divide the issues for this week\
[ ] - Design document (final draft)\
[ ] - Ask for Ana's feedback on the design document


# Action points for next week (Scrum board)

[ ] - How far are we going to go with development going forward
[ ] - Alex will show the CTA the application\
[ ] - Everyone describes their work\
[ ] - Record the CTA feedback

# Any other business

Sergio -\
Elena -\
Teo -\
Ahmed -\
Alex -\
Victoria -

# Questions for the TA

*Do you think we are on the right track or are we falling behind?* 
-------
*Is short polling good enough?*
*Contribution statistics - can we see them?*

# Question round
*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

# Closing
**Good luck for this week!** 
